Video script V2
Part 1: Simple problem explanation:
Every day your personal data travels unprotected from site to site 
Exposing you to a number of dangers. Companies like Cambridge Analytica exploit that for their purposes, which might be bad for you.
As of yet, there is no adequate solution 

Part 2: Simple introduction of what anonymate is:
Introducing Anonymate...An easy way to stay GDPR compliant and staying within the law. Anonymising your clients' data, but without reducing its quality and ability to analyse trends.” 
Anonymate is also seeing interest from companies like Cisco 
But why Anonymate?

Part 3: (Scenario) Fred and Greta: 
Meet Fred and Greta
Fred is suffering...from his poor decisions!
He’s aware of data breaches happening with other companies
But he’s unaware of what he can do to prevent it within his company...and continues to use the data - hoping it won’t fall into the wrong hands
Unfortunately for Fred, he suffered a data breach...and the personal information of his customers was compromised
Which cost fred.... 
A damaged company reputation
It reduced customer trust
A large fine and more 

On the other hand…
Greta learns from the industry history and wants to avoid such issues
Searching for the solution, there were a few options available, but she chose Anonymate!
Greta can continue her work knowing anonymate is able to protect the privacy of the data with nothing being stored in the process 
And with little impact on the accuracy of machine learning algorithms trained on the data
 
Part 4: How the application works: 
**Demo of how the  algorithm works from business view

Here we have a large dataset without any anonymisation, we can clearly see the various data fields whether that is the users name, postcode or telephone number 
Then by selecting the anonymise button we return this data set
A small segment of some of the data fields is still visible but this allows for analysis to be performed on the data, whilst protecting the user
Especially once the data has been downloaded, this can be done by selecting the download button

Part 5: Conclusion 
So don’t be like Fred...Be like Greta!
Make the right decision and choose Anonymate!” 
Contact us today for a free trial or to find out more!” 

Final Words: 
Don’t be silly mate, anonymate today! 
 
